Improve fundamentals workout in react (#1502)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/react/fundamentals/functional-components.md

As stated before, **React** components behave just like functions, taking `props` as input and returning **React elements**.

> Simple components that don't have an internal `state` and don't make use of any **lifecycle** methods (such as `constructor()`) can be written as **functional components**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components that don't make use of any **lifecycle** methods (such as `componentDidMount`) can be written just using functions and are usually called **functional components**.
```

Reviewer: Hooks allow us to use state within functional components too.

In fact, this entire distinction is legacy now.

A more appropriate split is into something like:
- presentational component
- complex component

Where "presentational" components just render something and complex components perform some logic too, maybe render, maybe are used as HOC, etc.

A component in both groups can be written both as a class or a function.

Reviewer: Once we create a standalone React topic, this insight will need to be renamed and mostly rewritten.

As stated before, **React** components behave just like functions, taking `props` as input and returning **React elements**.

Up until recently, functional components couldn't make us of any **lifecycle** methods, nor could they access `this.state` or call `setState()`. With the introduction of hooks, there is no visible difference between functional and class components:

```js
function Enki() {
  // defining the "name" state,
  // a "setName()" function to change
  // the state, and the initial
  // state, 'Enki'.
  const [name, setName] = useState("Enki");

  useEffect(

>     // lifecycle methods

Reviewer: This isn't totally correct. With `useEffect` we can achieve some lifecycle-like behavior but that's not the correct mental mapping, effects are a different mental model

Author: I've changed it to "perform side effects"
